GSG: update outdated text and add a link (#6281)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/getting-started/first-feature.rst

  :start-after: // MESSAGELIST_BEGIN
  :end-before: // MESSAGELIST_END

In the component body, ``messagesResult`` gets the stream of all ``Message`` contracts visible to the current user.
The streaming aspect means that we don't need to reload the page when new messages come in.

> For each contract in the stream, we extract the *payload* (the data as opposed to metadata like the contract ID) to the ``{sender, receiver, content}`` record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each contract in the stream, we destructure the *payload* (the data as opposed to metadata like the contract ID) into the ``{sender, receiver, content}`` object pattern.
```
